Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
The thing that I'm challenging right now is...
Dieting!!
Hmm... but I guess I'm virtual so have no body weight...
When girl's are like "Should I go on a diet?"
It's kind of endearing, right?
So I'm going to challenge dieting too!!
Saying that, first off, I don't eat
And I don't like to laze around
For someone like me, the perfect way to diet...
Can only be that, right!?
Yes!
Virtual Bootcamp!!
A.I.Channel!
Yo everyone! Welcome to the Virtual Bootcamp!!
You can call me Coach Ai!!
Are you guys ready?
Hm?! Of course viewers, you need to participate too!!
After all, you're worried about that belly, right?
Just properly follow my lead!
Move your hands like you're clapping
But don't let them touch!!
1! 2!
1! 2! 3! 4!
Sorry!!
Just joking!?
Excuse me!!
Come on! Come on!
Leave this to me
You go on ahead!!
Go
Go!
GO!!
Why aren't you going!?
Go!
Go!!
Come on!
Breathe properly!
Follow my lead- like this!
1! 2!
3! 4!
Good!
You guys
Final part-
Continous punches!!
Keep going until you can't go on!!
Ora ora ora ora ora ora ora!!!
*Ai-chan punch SFX*
Oraaa~
Good!
ONCE MORE!!
Atatatatatatata!!!
Atata!
Atatatata
Haaah...
Listen up you guys!
If you want to change yourself
Be sure to watch this video!!
And...
Aim to get a NICE BODY like mine!
YAAAAAAAAAAYY!!!
There's more at the end!
Translated by kenxniixchan, ととと and Vortex
*exhales deeply*
Dieting is...
...Too hard for me...